You are my college classmates after all
How can you speak so badly?
Yo don't want to hear it anymore
Then we have to say hey
Unmarried junk
What disgusting husband are you pretending to be here?
You guys can't be blamed for that.
A woman like Ye Fanxin can only pretend
What kind of broken shoes are you obviously wearing?
You keep your mouth clean for me
Who are you?
I'm talking to Ye Fanxing, what's your turn?
Yo
Ye Fanxing, a poor and sour man
It's you who gave you that serious stepfather
Be careful what you say
It is against the law to spread rumors casually
Ye Fanxing
Why are you so discerning?
You kneel down for me now
I introduce you to the rich
That way you won't be able to afford a luxury car.
Let go of you
You bastard
Do you know who my husband is?
My husband is the richest man in Beicheng.
Do you not want to live?